so the movie begins while showing a
house
it belongs to a man named artemis
he wasn't at his home
at the same time police come to his
house and they find precious things from
his house
they think that artemis had stolen these
things
he ran from here
maybe he had stolen this from the museum
they search for artemis
but they couldn't find him they find a
giant man instead of him
they arrest him and then the police take
him to the unit
to investigate him about it
how does he know artemis
did he really steal the things
he says that i don't know about it
but once there was a robbery at
artemis's house
it means some things were stolen from
none other than his son done the robbery
then the police say talk us to the point
how can his own son steal his own house
things
that giant man says that if you don't
want to believe me so don't but before
it let me tell you one thing
that was about artemis's son
artemis's son was intelligent but
ill-mannered
he uses to fight with everyone in the
school
he doesn't respect anyone not even the
principal
all were annoyed by him and also shocked
because of this habit of him
they couldn't say anything to him
because he obtained high marks
his son was attached to his father
artemis
artemis tells stories to his son every
day
those were mostly fairy tales
artemis's son was also interested in
them
but artemis was busy almost
whenever he gets the time he tells the
story to his son
but one day he urgently goes somewhere
he couldn't stop even his son stop him
after it artemis goes from there
when artemis's son wakes up he sees his
son
he was a special member of their house
he was talking to someone on the phone
that artemis couldn't reach there today
the place he was going
this thing seems strange to artemis's
son
he instantly turns on the news
it was the news that artemis is
kidnapped on his way
because there is blame on him
someone put blame on him that he has
done many robberies
they were telling that artemis has done
a huge robbery
that it is not easy for an ordinary
thief those were the precious things
artemis's son didn't believe this
when the phone rings and artemis's son
receives the call
there was an unknown person on the call
who has kidnapped his father artemis
he says to artemis's son that i have
your father
i will not leave him till you search
aculos for me
artemis's son couldn't understand
anything and he goes to the bodyguard
he asks him that do you know what is
aculose
he says that no i don't know
but let me take you to the basement
where your father did research
your ancestors also have done research
there
it means his grandfather and his father
it is very strong research
because it is going on for many years
when artemis's son goes to the basement
with a bodyguard
he comes to know that there were fairies
in the old era
fairies were removed after the fight
with the humans
they were not understanding that where
is aculose
the bodyguard says that maybe he has
written about it in his diary
but i don't know where the diary is
maybe he took his diary with him
artemis's son says that no if he had
taken with him so the man will not call
me that diary will be here somewhere
when artemis's son searches for the
diary he finds it
artemis's son starts reading the diary
there was clearly written about aculos
in it
it was also written that we have to
believe means time to believe
maybe he has written this about fairies
here the scene changes and we see the
place where fairies live
they were flying freely
that place was magical and attractive
there we see a girl named holly short
she was the police head of that place
she arrests that giant man
but she was also his friend
there we see one more fairy wearing the
hood
we couldn't see her face and she also
had imprisoned a male fairy
now she comes to him and says that i
will release you in one condition
if you go to fairy's world and let me
know everything
and tell me that what are fairies doing
there
the biggest thing is to bring aculos for
me from there
in fact acula's was a magical thing
from which any human or anything can
teleport in any part of the world
in fairy's world we see a lady commander
she is more than 800 years old
she was aged
she says to everyone that you have to
search for aculos
the spy of that evil fairy who wears the
hood was also there
it means the male fairy whom she sent as
a detective
he also hears what the commander said
meanwhile holly short comes to that
commander
she says that i have to search for my
father
but the commander says not now
on another side we see artemis's son and
the bodyguard
they were searching for aculos
bodyguard brings his daughter also there
so that she can help artemis's son and
then they start talking
artemis's son says to the girl that my
father told me about a place fairies
will come there someday
we have to search for that place
on another side we see that commander
allows holly short to go to that place
because none was there to go there
meanwhile that spy fairy comes there
he says to that commander that holly
short went to that place after insisting
on you
her father also deceived you
she also doesn't obey you
the commander says that there is nothing
like that
she has gone with my permission
on another side we see an event like a
marriage ceremony
everyone was dancing
but then a huge giant creature comes
there
holly short tries to fight with it
but she couldn't defeat it
on another side in the fairy's world
everyone can see this
so they freeze that place
after it holly short does magic on all
of them
after it they don't remember anything
she takes that creature with her
holly short had to go somewhere else
where the commander had sent her
but to search for her father she goes to
the place where her father was at last
time
she takes her turn to that place
artemis's son was also there was waiting
for her
he imprisoned her
he takes her to his home and locks her
in a cage
and everyone wears glasses to talk to
her
so that the fairy couldn't see into
their eyes
because she hypnotizes anyone with her
eyes
on the other side everyone was worried
in fairyland
they try to bring holly short back
meanwhile they decide to send their
fairies to artemis's home
they freeze the time of that place but
it couldn't affect artemis's son and
that bodyguard
all fairies come and attack them
but artemis's son says that stop can we
talk calmly
if you will not listen to me so i will
tell your reality to the whole world
on another side that evil fairy was also
seeing all this
the fairy with a hood had kidnapped
artemis
she says to artemis that what is your
son doing
he is ruining this plan
he doesn't know that your life is in
danger
from here the scene shifts to that
commander who calls that giant man
she says that you know that soon you
will get punishment
but still we didn't say anything to you
we will decrease your punishment
if you will help us
now we see artemis's son who was talking
to that fairy
she asks that can you help me
in searching for aculos
because the evil fairy had kidnapped my
father
holly short says that no i can't help
you
it is a risk for your life also
she tells him about her father
she tells him that according to my
knowledge my father also died while
robbing aculos
but still i want to search for him
but you don't take this risk
artemis's son says that don't scare me
because i know everything
your father didn't deceive anyone but he
wanted to see fairies and humans
together
he wants to save their world
he was really a good human
holly short likes it and she becomes the
friend of artemis's son
the female commander has ordered that
giant man to go to artemis's house
and you have to search and bring aculos
from there
because that aculose is there
now that giant man reaches artemis house
as he opens the locker akulos was in
front
he becomes happy after seeing it
meanwhile artemis's son and holly short
arrive there
but till then that giant man has shown
everything to the evil fairy with the
lens in his eye
the evil fairy says her spy to go to
that place instantly
now that spy moves and he also arrests
the commander
so that she can't do anything
then they move there with their army
they also have released that monster
holly short had taken it with her from
that event
that monster attacks them
but now the giant man who has seen the
aculos he joins with artemis's son and
holly short and attacks them
now that monster was about to hold
aculos
but that giant man puts aculos in his
mouth
to keep it safe
now we see that the monster hangs on the
light on the roof means with a
chandelier
artemis's son was exactly under it
before that monster falls on artemis's
son his bodyguard instantly protects him
now he was injured
because the monster fell on the
bodyguard instead of artemis's son
holly short instantly makes that
bodyguard fine
now the time starts freezing and
everyone was moving from there but holly
short doesn't move from there
she instantly goes to artemis's son
she says that i know that the human
can't use aculos
but you have to bring your father back
so i will use it for you
now they all sit around a table
holly short holds the aculos
holly short does magic and some lights
come out from the aculos
artemis's son becomes happy that now my
father will come
a lot of time was passed but his father
didn't appear
holly short becomes sad and she says
artemis is son sorry i tried my best
but then he hears a voice as his father
is in the basement
he instantly goes to the basement and
his father was there in the basement
he hugs him
seeing it the evil fairy gets jealous
because of the task she couldn't do
these kids done this
artemis's son tells his father that she
is holly short and she is my friend
she came from a fairyland
his father says that yes my son i know
her
her father was a good human
he goes to holly short and says that
your father was a good human
he has done all this to save others life
he gave that aculos to me and he never
deceives anyone
otherwise i tell you the name of the
deceivers
he gives her a list and says that show
it to your commander you will be at ease
now holly short does the same
the commander starts searching for the
deceivers one by one
on another side we see artemis
he says to his son that my second
mission is started
i will go there soon
his son says that father i will come
with you and he goes outside
and calls evil fairy
he says that get ready me and my father
are coming to kill you
with it we see them going on the mission
here this movie ends
thanks for watching